2026 update (#54)
microsoft/rust-guidelines: src/guidelines/ai/M-RUST-SHAPED.md

<!-- Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. Licensed under the MIT license. -->

## Rust code solves Rust problems (M-RUST-SHAPED) { #M-RUST-SHAPED }

<why>To ensure code is idiomatic.</why>
<version>0.1</version>

When (automatically) porting C#, Java, C++, or similar code to Rust, technical constructs must not be copied 1-on-1. 

It is prudent to separate domain aspects from language aspects. Domain aspects address business problems. An algorithm to compute prime numbers or logic for processing a customer table can (and should) work the same when translating between languages. 

> However, many patterns exist to solve problems particular to the ecosystem they stem from. The Rust ecosystem has its own problems, and these need to be addressed by idioms that work for Rust. This includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, many patterns exist to solve problems particular to the ecosystem they stem from. The Rust ecosystem has its own problems, and these need to be addressed by idioms that work for Rust. These include
```
